
\documentclass[a4paper]{article}
\usepackage[ascii]{inputenc}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage[ngerman]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsfonts,textcomp}
\usepackage {geometry}
\geometry{a4paper,top=25mm,left=30mm,right=25mm,bottom=30mm}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, filecolor=blue, urlcolor=blue}

% Page layout (geometry)
\title{Meeting Minute openETCS WP2: Requirements}
\author{Hekele, Bernd}
\date{2013-04-12}

\begin{document}%\setwidth {1.8}
\section*{\large{Meeting Minute openETCS WP2: Requirements 2013-04-12}}

\emph{Called up by: \ Sylvain Baro}\\
\emph{Minutes by: \ \  Sylvain Baro.}

\subsection*{Participants:} WP2, 
Sylvain Baro,
Marc Behrens, 
%Cyril Cornu,
%Silvano Dal Zilio,
%Michael Ditze,
%Jens Gerlach, 
%Frank Golatowski, 
%Klaus-Ruediger Hase, 
Bernd Hekele,
%Jonas Helmig,
Baeliyos Jacob,
Michael Jastram, 
%Rico Kaseroni,
%Peter Mahlmann, 
Marielle Petit-Doche, 
Merlin Pokam,
%Ralf Pinger,
%Stefan Rieger, 
Uwe Steinke,
Jan Welte\\

%Baseliyos Jacob, Joao Santos, Uwe Steinke, Roberto, Kretschmer

\subsection*{Meeting Time: from 11:30h \ to: \ 12:00h}

\subsection*{Type of conference: Telco}

\line(1,0){440}
\section*{\underline{Agenda and Discussion}}
\begin{enumerate}
\item MoM from Charleroi meeting 
\begin{itemize}
\item ETA today for the SSRS part [done]
\item Soon for the remainder, that will be issued by PF Jauquet (currently under review)
\end{itemize}
\item Update of the WP2 documents following this meeting is currently in progress
\begin{itemize}
\item ETA next week for D2.6-D2.9
\end{itemize}
\item SSRS meeting will be held in Paris on the 24/04 of april.\\
This meeting shall be attended by system engineers of the manufacturers, operators, and a safety expert identified by WP4\\
\item It was reminded that the documents issued by WP2 are important, because they provide the reference. Once the document will be updated, there will not anymore be reference to "someone said X during meeting Y": the reference will be the documents themselves.\\
\item The requirement document will be sent to formal review to one or two people from WP2 (independent from the author) + the other WP leaders. We will request them to send back one internally consistent review sheet  (of course, they can delegate the work of reviewing. => This process is more restrictive than a fully open one, but it is compliant to the QA Plan and it doesn't seem too contradictory to the open source spirit.
\item The process of review (in general) was discussed. We agreed that the reviewer list can provide the "verification" part of the acceptance of the document. We also agreed that there should be an "approbation" external from the author, in particular to settle the disagreements between reviewers and author. The approbation should not necessarily be the WP leader. More details about this should appear in the QA plan.

\end{enumerate}
\line(1,0){440}
\section*{\underline{Notes}}

\end{document}
