
\documentclass[a4paper]{article}
\usepackage[ascii]{inputenc}
\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
\usepackage[ngerman]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsfonts,textcomp}
\usepackage {geometry}
\geometry{a4paper,top=25mm,left=30mm,right=25mm,bottom=30mm}
%width = 210 - 30 - 25 = 155
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, filecolor=blue, urlcolor=blue}



% Page layout (geometry)
\title{Meeting Minute openETCS Project Management Board (PMB)}
\author{Hekele, Bernd}
\date{2013-04-19}

\begin{document}
\section*{\large{Meeting Minute openETCS Project Management Board (PMB) 2013-04-19}}

\emph{Called up by: \ Dr. Klaus Ruediger Hase.}\\
\emph{Minutes by: \ \  Bernd Hekele}


\subsection*{Participants:} PMB, 
Klaus-Ruediger Hase, 
Marc Behrens, 
%Stephane Callet,
%Gilles Dalmas,
%Frank Golatowski, 
Bernd Hekele,
%Jonas Helming,
Baseliyos Jacob,
Michael Jastram, 
%Rico Kaseroni, 
Begona Laibarra,
Peter Mahlmann, 
%Stan Pinte,
%Stefan Rieger\\
%Jan Welte,
Giovanni Zanelli\\

%Cyril Cornu, 
%Jens Gerlach, 
%Marielle Petit-Doche, 
%Stan Pinte, 
%Merlin Pokam, 

%Baseliyos Jacob, Joao Santos, Uwe Steinke, Roberto, Kretschmer

\subsection*{Meeting Time: from 13:30h \ to: \ 14:30h}

\subsection*{Type of conference: Telco}

\line(1,0){440}
\section*{\underline{Agenda}}
\begin{enumerate}
\item FRENCH Cluster: Funding Risk
\item FPP Update and PCA Update
\item Planning for ITEA2 Review (proposed plan by Peter Mahlmann)
\item Upcoming events: KickOff Meeting SSRS 24th of April 2013
\item Quality Assurance Plan (SQS-Update)
\end{enumerate}
\line(1,0){440}

\section*{\underline{Discussion}}
\begin{enumerate}
\item FRENCH Cluster: Funding Risk\\
Mr. Moskowitz was not able to participate. For clarification, he sent the following note: "The funding entity: DGCIS (part of Minisitry of Finance) has signed a convention with each of the French participant. For DGCIS, the project started in December 2011 and lasts until November 2014. Thus it was foreseen from the very beginning that a contract addendum was to be made, once the real dates of the project are known and shared by all countries and all participants. The DGCIS is aware of this and said it was usual to do so.\\
Therefore, I would suggest to wait until there is an agreement amongst all partner on the real duration of the project, in order to propose one and only one modification to each Contract with DGCIS."
\item FPP Update and PCA Update\\
Work is still ongoing. When update is finished documents will be available on Git: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/governance.git}
\item Planning for ITEA2 Review (proposed plan by Peter Mahlmann)
Plan was presented and discussed. After incorporation of the agreed changes the plan will be stored for future updates on Github: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/management/wiki/ITEA-Review-2013}
\item Upcoming events: KickOff Meeting SSRS 24th of April 2013
In order to improve the infrastructure for the meeting a new repository is requested (\url{https://github.com/openETCS/SSRS.git}). It is agreed to make the repository available on short-term. The mandatory administrative tasks will be completed as soon as possible.
\item Quality Assurance Plan (SQS-Update)
The template for the QA plan is now in review. In parallel, the review of the related review process is in review as well.
\end{enumerate}

\line(1,0){440}
\section*{\underline{Notes}}

\end{document}
